From San Francisco, California, the beautiful Marines Memorial.
It's San Francisco's sketch fest, Harmontown is now in session.
Let's bring the stage Spencer Crittenden. Spencer.
Hello. Hello Spencer. How's it going?
All right, in the mayor of Harmontown, you know him, you like him, Dan Harmon.
I thought maybe there was no one up there. I was going to get mad and walk out.
I was told the house was full. Thank you so much, San Francisco, for having us.
No, I'm hooting and hollering for you. I hope you're having a good sketch fest.
Jeff just walked off the job. It's okay.
Yeah, we are here in the Marine Memorial Theater and Hotel.
I guess there's rooms here. Is anybody staying here at the Marine Memorial?
I have. I've stayed here a bunch of times. I was talking to them.
But while they didn't respond, I tried to jump in there.
He came in real fast. I don't know if they had a chance.
Because normally you go, if anyone's staying here, there'd be an instant, woo!
Yeah, I guess. But it's a small enough place that the one person that stayed here is probably, there he is.
Who is here from Al Toloma? See, nobody. Nobody.
What floor are you on, sir?
Oh, he won't say.
Yeah, because it's a horrible creepy thing to ask about.
He's a private man. I use a liar.
Yeah, well, I was trying to figure out just by using Wikipedia.
I was like, oh, Marine, you get nervous when you get into a veteran area.
You don't want to offend or do anything.
You wouldn't want to stand in a room that was sacred to a branch of the government
and just talk about your fucking self and how many people were at your inauguration.
You don't want to...
You want to respect...
I'm doing exactly what he did.
If there's like Marines under the stage, like in sarcophagi.
I don't know if it's like Skyrim where there's just like soldier ghosts are going to go,
like you fucking defiled me, now fight me.
After us, there's going to be an all-womens podcast that's going to get way more people.
Sad.
Apologize. Sad.
You guys saw the chart.
My favorite chart was the one I think everybody saw.
It was just based on the transit numbers.
It was like the first Obama inauguration and then there was something else.
And then the second Obama inauguration and then the...
What was the Women's March? It was the something else.
And then the second Obama inauguration.
It was something else.
You ladies ought to be proud of yourselves.
You were something else out there.
You bedazzled democracy.
You went, girl.
I conjugated a little phrase.
And then there was a visual graphic.
So there were two Obama faces that were identical going,
and then there was like a female symbol in the middle of them going,
yay, and then there was like a little grumpy Donald.
And there was a thing between the grumpy Donald which was on the bottom
and the bottom most thing above the whatever.
Because you look and you see the grumpy Donald which was on the bottom.
Like how many people rode the rails that day in D.C.?
Whatever, 11 or whatever.
And then right above it you're squinting.
You're like, what is that graphic?
And it's like your average work day.
That was my favorite graphic.
And I don't care if it's a lie.
I love, yes, fake news.
Just put fake news in a rock and just throw it.
It's probably not untrue.
But I don't care anymore.
You go on Twitter which is the greatest place to be in the world
because you're going to get so much done there.
Because it's like, let's just keep sitting on Twitter.
I'm not saying let's get off of Twitter.
I'm just sarcastically berating myself.
Why am I doing this?
You get on Twitter and you're just like, hey, I feel like a piece of shit
and I want to fucking blow everything up.
Fuck you.
Everyone go fuck yourself.
You're all fucking stupid.
Why have you done this to me?
Fuck off.
And then there's people that just go like, better than Hilary.
And then you fucking find yourself arguing with them.
Well, meanwhile, there's people going like, amen, brother, high five,
and you don't respond to them.
It's like my life has become community.
Now I'm bad at show running anarchy.
I should just fucking be thanking people as we go down.
Like, thank you.
Thank you.
I'm glad that you also feel that this is fucked up.
But I found tonight, Dustin Marshall, our producer,
turned us on to this Twitter account that is at Trump underscore regrets.
And it feels so bad good.
It's just retweets everybody that's just saying to Donald Trump like,
what the fuck are you doing?
I voted for you.
And it just makes you just feel good.
And you shouldn't feel good.
But it's like, my favorite ones are not the people that are like,
what the fuck are you doing?
You promised you'd throw out the Mexicans.
And I'm like, OK, that's not.
They're going to be a return customer.
They're going to be like, all right, now that's better.
They're taken care of.
But I like the people that are like, why are you bitching
about the New York Times, you pussy?
I voted for you because I'm a man.
I like that.
I'm like, yeah, fucking yeah.
Because that picture that you saw in your history book of Mussolini
and his friends at the partway through World War II,
because Italy didn't make it all the way to the end,
even though they literally invented the word fascism,
even though Hitler kind of nailed it.
Oh, hi, Spencer.
Hey, guys.
Yeah, Hitler was great.
At fascism.
Hitler was great at fascism.
He was better than Mussolini.
Also a terrific painter.
There is the classic photo from the end of fascism in Italy.
It is Mussolini and his various friends, his entourage,
his turtle and his Mikey or whatever their names are,
drama and e-pants.
And they're upside down because they've been dragged through
the market and they've been hung up like meat.
And the people standing outside of them going, hey,
look at this, those aren't liberals.
Those are disgruntled former fascists.
The liberals are dead.
They're in prison.
They've left.
They were rounded up and shot.
I mean, fascism just eats through your country like a cancer
and then it eats itself because there's nothing left to eat
and it does it in record time.
It's a modern disease.
It shouldn't be dismissed.
Much like anorexia.
There's people that dismiss eating disorders
because a bad person will go like, oh, I can't find
an anorexic in Africa so we should dismiss this.
No, it's a modern thing that's germane to this particular
context.
Fascism is only possible in a modern context,
a post-industrial context where it's like people that get
poor, that have been promised utopia, they start to get
freaked out and disgruntled.
Multiculturalism starts to scare them.
This Christmas isn't going to be like last Christmas.
That's the first thing that happens.
That's basically what it is.
It's like, I got a BB gun last year and this year I got
Optimus Prime.
What the fuck's happening?
That's the beginning of fascism.
That's the potting soil.
You just made me sad about George Michael.
The very next day.
I was thinking Optimus Prime is way better than a BB gun.
That's what I was thinking, yeah.
Optimus Prime was my generation's BB gun.
I don't know what I said about a BB gun.
But anyways, people get disgruntled, dissatisfied,
and then you can't blame the funny guy with the funny
hair that ends up clowning around and distracts everybody.
It's all of us.
We're all to blame.
It just becomes this weird thing.
It's an infection that sets in.
What is my point?
What are we going to do?
I don't know what the fuck we're going to do.
Why do you need to hear this from me?
You've been thinking about it all day.
We're all watching it happen.
We just keep feeling like what are we supposed to do?
Our legs are twitching.
Do I grab a rock?
Do the rock do?
Who would I throw it at?
Do I wait until there's someone to throw it at?
It might be my neighbor.
Are they coming from my housekeeper's family?
Are they coming from my friends?
Wait, let's talk about that for a second.
I'd like to see some papers.
I mean, it's a thing.
Jerry Brown, our beloved governor,
he makes a speech and he says,
listen, man, they can't come in here.
They can't take anybody.
It's not going to happen.
And then in the same speech, he's like,
plus silver lining, monorail money!
He's psyched.
I don't understand.
All of us, I think everybody is walking around
in weird days because we're kind of like,
well, we've never, ever, ever, ever lived in this world.
We've never lived in a world that feels to us
like it's in a history book.
You just open up your phone and it's just like,
oh, all Goodwill's are closed.
Wait, I was about to buy pants
and then the head of Goodwill then starts
a different account and goes, fuck the police!
And he's like, everybody follow the head of Goodwill
and then it's gone.
And then meanwhile, all of you are like,
oh, I got fired because I followed the Goodwill guy.
I don't know what to do now.
We're freaking the fuck out.
We don't know what to do.
When do you move?
When do you move and where do you move
and how do you move?
I do know that the A line,
I don't think it's my last line,
I do know that I will die for my housekeeper.
I will.
I will meet you outside my house.
I'm sure she won't want to hide at my house, though,
because it'll be like this weird conflict of interest thing
where I'm like, here, hide in there,
but also there's...
It's not because of my respect for her,
it's because I'm a baby man that like most Californians
like lives at the mercy of a vibrant,
you know, like flowing, multicultural fucking,
like it's arterial flow.
Everybody from every country that ever has any problem
that's running from something, hiding from something
that hasn't found what they're looking for yet,
they're supposed to be able to come here,
we're supposed to be the hotel lobby of the world
that was our gimmick, a death to monarchy.
We hold these truths to be self-evident,
we barely need to save them,
but here's a giant fucking contract
you can exploit 300 years from now.
We hold these truths to be self-evident,
I can say whatever the fuck I want,
I can do whatever the fuck I want,
but except for black people and women.
Yeah, and you can't tweet about Baron Trump.
Yeah, kids are off limits, kids are off limits,
kids are off limits, fire the writer,
fire the writer that joked about the kids
because kids are off limits, okay, she's fired.
Can she come work over here?
You're a piece of shit, you should fucking die,
you cock-sucking piece of shit.
Do you want to just follow this SNL writer
for the rest of her life,
haunting her to make sure she just kills herself?
What happened to job creation?
Can't she just go work for another shitty person
you don't like?
Are you afraid of all the people that disagree with you?
Dude, shit, whatever they want,
that you will be left alone watching Gobert Pyle
in your basement?
Like, what is this impulse we have?
I know what it is, that was a rhetorical question.
I know what it is, and that's the only thing
that we have to save us.
Is that all of these fucking people,
every time you get in a fight with somebody online,
they always, if they're not a Russian bot
or just like a fucking weird greasy troll
that's just like, you know, they're shaped like an egg
and they're just terrified of women
and they're so fucking mad.
This guy talking to my girlfriend,
she posted a picture of her and her mom
at the Women's March, it's just like,
in real life, this thing,
you come around and you see a group of guys
in digital reality standing around your girlfriend
going like, yeah, but slut shouldn't abort.
What the fuck are you people doing?
Get the fuck away from my girlfriend.
But then you're sexist.
It's like, are you fucking out of your mind?
It's a photo of her and her mom.
What the fuck are you doing?
Why are you using the word slut?
Who the fuck brought that up?
What are you, God damn it, this is not a comedy show.
Why are you so fucking mad and who are you mad at?
You are mad at a fiction.
You are mad at some propaganda poster.
You are mad at some racist fucking drawing
you saw in a hustler.
Like, you have been told that you are paying for abortions.
You're paying for welfare.
Oh, you're money.
Oh, your money's going to all these poor people.
Motherfucker, my money's going to everybody.
Mine and Alec Baldwin's and Tina Fey's.
Like, the 1%.
Oh, California pays for fucking everything.
Everything.
And we're bluer than blue.
And we're richer than Christ.
Well, that's not a...
He was notoriously broke.
We're richer than creases.
But he never releases returns.
We don't know.
Jesus Christ needs to release his fucking...
His 1090 of Turin.
That's a lot of miscellaneous income.
Let's face it.
I mean, how much did he really render under Caesar?
We don't know.
Yeah.
If you can turn water into wine,
I'm pretty sure you can claim home office space.
Yeah.
He knew where the Camins were.
I want to say where was I,
but I don't want to know where I was.
I want to make...
You were slowly descending into madness.
I know.
It's just...
Here's the thing.
Here was what I was going to talk about.
This is this popular thing now that we're all encountering.
We're all saying, oh, King George is mad.
He just ate his own shit on TV.
He just pulled out a doo-doo and said,
this isn't a doo-doo.
It's a candy bar and ate it.
And we're going like, he's mentally ill.
We should get him out of the most powerful desk
we have available to any of us.
He's just ate shit.
He might mistake anything for anything.
We're the most people.
What do we do?
And you can express that as a person who maybe
hated Hillary Clinton, maybe voted,
loved Bernie Sanders, maybe you loved Jill Stein.
Maybe you far as fucking weird fever dream second
thought Donald Trump was a good idea,
but by and large, you could just be a person
just saying, OK, now I think this seems,
given the stakes involved with this corporation,
I think we ought to examine all of our options
and just look at what you've been doing.
And honestly, I know you don't have to
take your hands from behind your back.
There's no rule that says you have to.
It's weird that you won't.
And we'd like to see what's in your hands, Damien.
We'd like to see what's in your hands.
Because you seem very proud that there's nothing
in your hands.
And you said you'd show your hands if you won.
And then you said, I'll show my hands after the audit.
And then you said, I'll show my hands never.
And then your fucking weird nutcracker
dressed decepticon went on Meet the Press
and said, OK, now he's going to show his hands on Sunday
morning after brunch.
And then you said, no, I'm not.
And I don't know what the fuck is in your fucking hands.
You're the fucking president.
The fuck is in your tax report?
Sorry, you distracted me.
The tiny hands thing, I mean, whatever.
If it gets to him, let's do it.
But I'm like, if that's a small dick thing,
then fuck everybody.
I think it's just fun because he hates it.
Like, whatever he hates, just pile on.
Spencer and I were talking about it earlier.
Is it better?
Like, I don't know about you guys.
I fantasize that if I met Donald Trump, what would I do?
Would I fuck with him?
Would I try to just?
I would tear a mattress tag off of him.
You're in soaked mattress tag.
They got those videos, and they're just going to keep him.
Russia's going to make Trump do their bidding
because they got the pee-pee videos.
They're fucking geniuses.
But who among his followers wouldn't just start
saying pee's delicious?
Like, why wouldn't they?
When I saw that thing, I was like, no, that fits perfectly.
The story is that he paid hookers to pee on the Obama's bed.
I'm like, I'm running my video.
I'm running my very easy-to-run Trump simulator,
Trump fan simulator, which is 16 kilobytes.
And I'm going, fucking, hip hop hooray.
Like, that's what I want in my Trump.
I want him to pay hookers to pee on the Obama's hotel bed.
If he's gobbling the pee and going, like, I love pee.
Like, maybe, maybe.
Like, maybe it would flip them.
We're waiting for his fans to flip.
His fans don't flip.
His fans are a fucking wine stain.
Like, they don't turn into an ice cream stain.
They don't, like, there's no...
His fans have committed to such a degree
of psychologically criminal fucking treasonous
toxicity.
There's no fucking anything.
They have committed so long ago to the idea
that they are simply sick and tired
of being told they're stupid and wrong.
And so, like, proving them stupid and proving them wrong
is like, it's like shining sun on Birdman.
He was a superhero character in the 70s.
He got his strength from the sun. I should have picked something else.
Is there a chance that somebody, like, as a fan of our show,
brought their Trump-supporting father or mother here,
and they're just sitting there really uncomfortably right now?
I would show anybody in here that was willing to,
in the interest of connection and stuff,
I would offer you the utmost verbal and psychological
and spiritual protection if you were willing to come up here
and be a voice for the other.
I understand absolutely if you don't want to,
and don't force yourself if you're on the fence
because the truth is we're all, you know,
like being on the fence doesn't count.
But if somebody was passionate,
okay, sir, so if you want to come up here and...
I didn't know that was going to happen.
Yeah, also...
Hello, sir.
What's your name?
My name's Zane.
Zane, all right.
Zane, grab a microphone, Zane.
I...
And Zane, for real, like Dan said,
like, total respect for coming up there
and coming up here and, like,
this is a safety zone where we're not going to, you know,
just take a giant cramp on you.
Yeah, but also we can't make any promises for the audience,
who is a group of uncontrollable people.
No, shit got mutinous out there pretty quick
because there's a rumbling.
Yeah, I'm actually lied,
but I have a solution.
Yeah, this is what I thought was the case.
This is your...
You're being rude for not being a Trump supporter.
Yeah, that's what's happening.
Would you call your solution final?
Because you might still count.
Under the circumstances, I would say no.
I started a software project to end suicide
within our lifetime.
All right, well, you high-roaded us.
We can't...
I came up here to help inner-city children.
I pretended I was a Trump fan.
Okay, well, tell us about it.
That's fine.
Okay, so...
We have a website called letsandsuicide.com
and basically we're going to provide
a machine learning algorithm
that will monitor your social media output
and determine if you're in a depressive or romantic episode.
And then from there,
we have a version 1.5.
Easy, easy, steady.
We have a version 1.5 where
a medical health professional will get in touch with you
if it thinks that you are...
depressive.
Hold up, same.
So you're saying that you're...
This audience has heard elevator pitches
for start-ups before.
I'm not saying it's fair.
I'm just saying this is what I'm realizing.
This is true.
Yeah, it's non-profit.
We're incorporating next week.
Well, yeah, I mean, that was kind of the inspiration for it.
You know how to win them over at these fickle bunch
is to tell us what personal investment
you have in this.
I have a lot of...
I have, in personal experience,
one of my family members committing suicide,
but I have several friends who have.
And I think it's a major problem,
and I think that we have the technology to take care of it.
We have ten versions.
Can you explain how that works?
Because I think a lot of people are going,
wait, so if I...
It's only you sign up for...
Yeah, you sign up.
Right now this is just an idea,
I just got home from my job
at Universal Studios Theme Park.
The T-Rex's balls needed to be cleaned again.
I want to fucking kill myself.
And then this app goes,
boop, boop, boop, boop.
Yeah, there's a big,
giant monolithic computer system.
But really, I'm being silly,
but we need...
You have to sign up to this...
Yes, it's opt-in.
You opt-in.
So you're monitoring everybody that says...
No, it's only your public social media output,
whatever you want to provide the actual...
So if you feel like you might be suicidal,
you go to this.com
and say monitor me and tell me that I'm
possibly suicidal?
Hopefully you would do that before you got to that point.
It's for people like myself who have mental health issues.
Yeah, I really don't...
Yeah, obviously the logical part of your brain,
and I'm not knowing enough
about that mind state,
except that it does deserve
care.
I don't want to trump over anybody,
but the obvious kind of
internal logic comedic mechanisms
go like, okay, so just logically,
I'm either A,
happy, therefore,
not really anticipating a future
suicide, and therefore not
signing up for this, or I'm B,
suicidal, and therefore probably also
not taking steps to...
Right, well we'll have an emergency contact
system, that's one of the ideas with the app.
So if you ever need to talk to anybody,
there'll be a volunteer.
And so I would say to the asshole
me that just said that,
well, and you confirm
if this is right or not, the suicidal
ideation, and the states
of mind that come with it, for some people
are actually...
We can dismiss them because we're like,
well I've never been that sad,
give me a break, but for some people
it's so chronic and so constant
that actually some people do have to live
like skipping on that pond
and that those people can go
in a clear state of mind, like this is
going to happen again, history's taught me
and so I'm putting this padlock
on the fridge. Yeah, I myself am
bipolar, and bipolar one,
and I...
Basically... Thank you,
you can multiply that applause
times two because... Exactly,
I have two states of mind, I'm actually a
Gemini, you got
whoops from the half of the bipolar
people who are currently manic.
Exactly, perfect.
Is that offensive?
No, not offensive at all.
He got the most whoops ever, period.
Let's send suicide.com
Nice.
Oh, so you need volunteers?
Well, for the first version of the app,
we are basically taking pro bono work,
the first version is 0.1.0
which is dedicated to Carrie Fisher,
mental health advocate,
space princess.
Well,
give us a taste of the suicide statistics
just till we understand, because we don't
think about this stuff as... Aren't they
really leading cause and male death?
Yeah, absolutely.
Like they're up there, right? Yeah, I mean
Alaska is like huge issues, I don't have the numbers on me,
I'm like a Trump, so I just come up here
completely off the dome.
No, it's okay, we'd rather you
say you don't know, but it's big,
it's a big deal, it's not like
it's not like your pet cause
that's like little tiny, little bitty-bitty
thing in the face of breast cancer
or prostate cancer.
Well, it's funny you mentioned that, because
version 10 seeks to end cancer with an
arseus. Whoa!
Geez!
I jumped like versions 2 through 9,
but version 10... So this thing is slowly becoming
SkyNet? Absolutely.
It starts by preventing you from
killing yourself, then it prevents your cancer,
and then the version 4.0
is like, why aren't you a computer?
Yeah, basically.
Like you post on Facebook,
I had a great day, and the thing is like
eep, eep, eep.
A siren goes off over your head.
Yeah.
I have a question, and
I'm not trying to be provocative here.
You seem like a very sympathetic, empathetic guy.
Like you're doing this...
Which sounds like a very
selfless, very noble thing.
I'm
not trying to be a dick, and I know that...
No, please. I need feedback, so...
Well, I'm just wanting to...
I have friends that are very smart,
very emotionally sensitive,
intelligent people
who believe
politically in things that I just don't
really quite grasp, because
I don't see the empathy in their politics.
I don't see the
empathetic part of it. We become too polarized, and
the problem with the U.S. system is that we have
two parties, we need a third party to balance out
the issue.
So I also started a new political party.
Well, Trump...
Yeah, I noticed you didn't get paid for that.
We're all out of ideas, so...
Trump has already vowed to end all political parties
by 10 years from now.
Oh, shit. We've got to work fast, I guess.
Political parties have been running the country
for 300 years with no results. Sad!
It's called New Rally.
You can find us at
newrally.us.
New Rally, you think neutrality, you think
new reality. Wait a minute.
You just made it harder to remember.
Did I?
Wait, why did you guys react that way?
I was reacting because it's hard to remember.
It sounds too Orwellian, I think.
I think it goes a little into the...
Perhaps.
What's it called? The Newspaper...
Native force, though. Well, we're all going a little bit
better. At the New Rally's
flags,
Latin insignia, which is,
I don't fucking idea.
All bets are off at this point.
I'd love for everybody that has
an idea to let us know.
I don't fucking know what
to do.
It's like
a disaster movie, like a
cheap sci-fi one with an 80s
pop star as the star.
The reason
why there's not as much dramatic shit
happening outside your window is just because
I should it, that would cost too much.
It's like most of the scenes are just happening
on a two-walled set with Debbie Gibson
saying, so they're mosquitoes, but they're
men?
And
it's all happening on Twitter, basically, for me
because it's the only thing I have time to go to.
It's like I said to a congressman today,
not even my own, just some random one
that had tweeted something. I was just like...
Because he said something provocative and hyperbolic
and bravado-filled
and I...
about how the Republicans have blood
on their hands and they're... we're accountable
for all this thing and I was just like, not being a dick
but just going like...
We...
Most of us voted for you guys
and nothing happened.
So, like, I just...
I swear to God, I'm only asking, like, what do we do?
And he didn't answer and then someone else
did. It's like, what you do is you visit your representative
and then you take a sponge
and you put it on your head and you roller skate down the street
and you...
And it's not that those things
aren't the solution, it's just that
they don't sound like the solution.
It...
You compare that to a 4chan
thread where people just go,
take this picture of a frog
fucking the Statue of Liberty
and copy and paste it
and...
and just fuck everything
and, like, that we know
how to do because we love to be angry
and we love to, like, shake pillars
we love to, like, show up
for stuff, we love to be
defiant, we love to express ourselves
like, how do we...
What do we do?
I don't expect you to know.
I might, I mean, I don't know.
Basically, we're trying to
increase protests, protests outside
of our U.S. capital.
It's entirely volunteer.
Whoever wants to sign up can sign up.
That's, like, our first step.
Is it because if we...
Continue. Why are you laughing?
I'm just having a good time.
Is it...
Is it because if we...
if we increase protests, is it because...
is it...
This won't leave this room.
This isn't being recorded.
Can you guys keep a secret? You guys are cool?
Is it because the more we do that,
the more we increase the likelihood
of a Kent State Massacre and can actually
start getting things done?
Are we nothing more than
roles commanding from behind
going like everybody get in the streets
and
to express yourself
knowing that
Hitler is in the White House
and that, therefore,
something's going to happen?
Are we...
We're going to find out one way
or another.
All right.
That's it for Zane, everybody. Zane.
Thank you for coming up, brother.
I think...
Thank you, Zane.
I think his curating
evens out
he lied to get up here
to prevent suicide
with a
specious system
that will also include a third party
that will consist of waiting to be killed.
But I think all in all
a good guy.
Yeah.
I don't think we should...
Yeah, if we hate him
our priorities are fucked
because
there's a lot more to hate right now.
Yeah, I don't know what to do, man.
I'm on my elliptical every day
and when you see me forget
to...
Thanks, guys.
I was going to say, you are looking hard as a rock.
Our side's not going to win
because that's where our high bar of heroism is.
I...
I'm going to forgo the Hagen-Baz
tomorrow. Yes, Patrick Henry.
Yes!
I...
I agree.
Absolutely.
I think I'm an absolute fucking heroic man
for being on that elliptical.
It certainly feels like it.
When...
Thank you, you dad.
When you see me
in that last song
when it's only the good day
where I was at the young world...
I'm thinking about...
I'm...
about it being over the exercise but
I'm also just
thinking like...
I'm going to elliptical
democracy.
I'm going to...
What am I going to do with these skills?
I'm going to have more muscle
tissue and more
less heart disease, actually.
What a great metaphor.
You feel like you're doing something but you're going nowhere.
It's fantastic.
Jeff,
tell me this.
Spencer, if you...
What do you really project?
Because a big part of the problem
here is just confusion.
We've never been... We don't know what's going on.
We don't know what to expect. We just keep going.
Holy shit, they can't do that.
It's crazy.
What do we actually...
Where do you...
Whether you want to project to the end of your life
because that's the only thing I can project to
and I'll go first.
Or if you...
Or if you want to project like
three years, five years, whatever
but all I know right now
is that I'm going to fucking die
and I'm going to die in the street.
They can't kill all of us.
What?
They could.
They can kill all of us.
They can.
But it will be very difficult
and they will spend a lot
of time cleaning up afterwards
and what they can't do
basically is
throw us all in prison.
And it's like
weirder to start with the killing.
Even Hitler didn't.
It's like...
Exactly.
It's like well it's going to come
to this thing where it's just like
this game of red rover.
That's all...
Democracy comes down to.
It doesn't matter who has drones and who has tear gas
and who has anything.
All the sheep have to decide
it's better to trample than to
bleed.
There is no bleeding. It won't work.
Bleeding is for farmers.
Farmers cut the power off
to the fences. I came up with that on Twitter today
when I was drunk on the plane.
And I'm sure
if Orwell were in the wings he'd be like
I came up with that. You just didn't read my book
and...
But for all I know
he'd be like whoa I should have gone with that.
But I feel like it's like
we are the majority
and we are soft
and we by and large don't pride ourselves
on our ability to hunt and kill.
And yet for some strange reason
we don't pride ourselves on being sheep.
For some strange reason politically
to call someone a sheep is
like it's to say
oh you're a piece of shit.
For some reason we all agree with that.
Like oh
no I'm not a sheep. I'm a
totally autonomous fucking thing.
I just happen to live in a
300 million member honeycomb
and fill out
forms every time I work
and all this stuff and receive
all the comforts and wipe my ass with
two-ply cottonel that was spun
by a robot somewhere in Singapore.
Like I'm not a sheep
oh don't offend me.
But it's like maybe that's...
Everyone go to let'sendsuicide.com
and help Dan Harmon.
There is a vast minority
of carnivorous assholes
who pride themselves on
sinking their blood encrusted teeth into our
throats and watching the rest
of us scatter and I just
sometimes you see videos or read
and things or hear in Pink Floyd songs
about the concept
of soft herd animals
just having a fucking
enough and becoming a scourge
and just going
like guess what we're the new
fence you're in the middle of a
sheep pen that you thought you compromised
we are the fence
you are feeding in the midst of us
eating that throat and it will be your
last you are going to be suffocated
with delicious wool
and trampled with
vegan hooves
What was my point?
Well, for that
because I'm not a politician
and I don't know how this shit works
and I've got the congressman's
numbers on my phone and my girlfriend
we're gonna fucking do this shit
we're gonna go to Kamala
what's your name's house every day and whatever the fuck
Harris
Her name's Harris
I didn't mean what's your name because she's not a human
I just couldn't remember her name
and you could have said Harris more gently
like Harris
I'm sure she's a wonderful person
my girlfriend is like
down for that
and I
all I see in my crystal ball
is me
outside my home in Las Vegas
holding a two by four
clumsily
like with like
one of my dogs blood smeared across it
because somebody fucked with it
and like that's how it started
like and I
and my you know
friends and family and anybody that wants
protection is inside and I'm just
out there and it's just a big
heavy piece of wood and I'm just
going
and and and just screaming
at them
I'll wrap it in barbed wire that was
what was thought about that image
you know
I'm so glad I came to San Francisco tonight
you know I'm going back
home knowing how to make the system
work you also got to go
you should invest in some
like football shoulder pads and put like spikes
on them
I think you guys are focused on the wrong
part of this plan
but I'm just saying if you want to
I will do those things I promise
I will there sound like good ideas
I'm just mean that is
I'm answering my own question first and saying
that is where I see this ending I don't
see any other way
I don't I don't see
if you can't say
if
if NBC and
I can't say
okay
she made a mistake
in her private fucking life on her
Twitter account like like like but here's
the thing about comedy which is what
we do and which is what we've been
doing throughout many decades
and many presidents and all
your little foopy doops of all your
little cultural things we sell comedy
comedy is an ugly business
it's a lot like coal or
diamonds it causes bad
it to happen it's covered in blood
but it's worth money
and
we don't have to be political
to hold the line at comedy
to hold the line at the first
amendment and say I don't care
who enters that shitty fucking
gaudy neo-classist fucking house
we will be over
here at Rockefeller center
indulging in our privilege as
an institutional fucking variety
show that has defined comedy
for 50 fucking years
that is fucking crazy
when that line falls I don't know
when the last time it has except
like firing norm for joking about OJ
but like
like like if you can't just say
don't fucking like like
she was suspended she apologized
cool it or watch
a different show I have a billion
dollars
something scary is happening
why did I bring that up
things are so weird in this world
things are so topsy-turvy that you just stood up
for NBC
no I
no I didn't
I thought you were saying that they were the good guys
no NBC created Donald Trump
as it turns out for the first time
in my life I feel great
about being fired
that was Sony whatever none of that
matters I'm talking about
the corporations aren't going to be
here for us like this is beyond
this is like some people my age
might remember like Al Gore and dangling
Chad's and nation in crisis
most of us remember Obama
getting inaugurated and like a bunch of
those guys are going like oh he's a secret
Muslim and his head
on a plate this is nothing's ever happened
this is animal farm this is Orwellian
like this is fucking different
man there's like national park
services like
just going rogue and going like
the earth is getting warmer
and like
everything is weird it's like
okay so where do you see it going
so we have a
guest who's been waiting for a while
backstage I think it's right
on time to bring our guests out well if it's
right on time then we can we be two minutes
well it's not right on time it's the thing it's
later than that it's four it's
it is it's one minute shy
I said an alarm before we came on stage
and there's tell us Spencer how
you see this playing out you have 45 seconds
well it's like afraid to tell us because
you're gonna go fucking fuck you
the Republicans are gonna
have to face a crisis they're
gonna you know they're already starting to think
about it they're gonna say are we gonna get
in line or are we not and no matter
what happens no matter what they decide
that's gonna lead to something really bad
like the equivalent of burning down
the Reichstag or whatever like that I think
that's absolutely gonna happen
and how it plays out is gonna
determine whether or not we devolve into
you know civil war whether or not we pick up
the pieces and keep moving forward but
I think that's something crazy like that is
absolutely gonna happen but like how it
turns out I think it's a bad sign that
Trump just recently said that he's gonna build
a Reichstag all
made all made out of wood
like a very flammable it's gonna be so wooden
but okay well can I ask
where do you see yourself in that picture
you know I'm
making harm a quest
even
while I'm with the 2x4
well that's that that was insulting man
you think you're gonna be out there with a 2x4
I'm gonna have sandbags fucking
everywhere turrets it'll be great
he's gonna be giving classes at the local
you think that I'm not gonna take it
like charge of apocalyptic
scenarios
this is all we're asking it's all
we want to hear yeah man
Spencer can you can you stand up and show us
physically how you would fight off an attack by
a bunch of Republican senators who
are trying to close down the the EPA
so you lay down with a towel
over your head
and you put a bunch of Cheetos out
all right well okay now
Jeff where do you
see yourself in the apocalypse what's gonna happen
um I got the 2x4
Spencer apparently has
sandbags in a turret we'll have I'll get
us guns before then I promise
I think it might
actually get to the point of physical
revolts I think like not like
let's let's let's
storm the Bastille and shit like that but I think
we are gonna have to
I think he's gonna start declaring Marsha launch it
like he's like he's doing in various cities
where he wants to I think it actually
the women's march is one of the most inspiring things
I've ever ever seen and I got to be a part of the LA one
based on the results of that guy
it was it was awesome
the LAPD didn't do
anything they just stood there and smiled
because everybody was being fucking cool and it was
a million people and we couldn't fucking go
anywhere because like why aren't we marching
for a different hour and a half and we were supposed to
go to City Hall we're in Pershing Square
and like what the fuck
that was the best part in all these cities
when people had to come out and go
thank you for coming
I know you showed up for a march there's so many
of you it's a rally you can't march
you're already where you were marching
but I was like
like the worst you saw
the worst thing you saw is like
like people were bumping in like I have like
big feet tall guy killed them and everybody's
like you know I'm not that claustrophobic
but everybody was so kind
and so cool and there were little girls
on their mothers or fathers shoulders
and like and
it was fucking groovy it was really
really really really good and you've never seen that many people
get along and the next morning
totally clean everybody fucking cleaned
it up somebody pointed out in the comment because everybody
has to comment on when you say that was the best
somebody has to
inadvertently or inadvertently
diminish it and I was like yeah
because it was all white people
I was like no because it was fucking women
man like that's why it was cool
oh you mean that guy was going like
like chalk one up for the white race
no no no he was saying
he or she I'm assuming
he was like saying like yeah
yes if it was 750,000 black
men in the streets of Los Angeles
would there have been the National Guard out there probably
yes and it would it might have
oh yeah that's why there wasn't like head to knock around yeah sure sure
but it made me
like yeah it's hard to know it's like what is your
instinct when you are saying that stuff
I'm dealing with a lot of that because I feel like that's
a kindred spirit it's like well are you kind of like
are you kind of spectroming here
is this like sort of like
like people say like oh
unfortunately this won't do anything
because here's a photo of all these people protesting
Hitler and then they'll look what happened
it's like this instinct that
people that are on our side
have to
equivocate because they want to feel safe
somebody one that really bummed me out is
I said like they explained
MVP awards to the people that cleaned up like
perfectly like downtown L.A. was spick and span
the next morning and to the LAPD
which is not my favorite organization
in history because
they've been fucking bad at times
they were groovy and didn't have
a giant police presence and there was
no arrest made I don't think in DC either right
there's your alarm
that's my alarm for my guess
somebody said
it's like some woman on my
I think commented like oh
it's nice to see that protests can be
peaceful too like
protests are fucking peaceful
riots are fucking violent like
the idea that we live in a world where
like protesting might be bad
just by definition is really
really really really fucked up
my favorite comment on the
during the women's watch I was sitting
at LAX and the real
triumphant that was like I was sitting
at an international terminal and everyone
that was looking at the screen you don't
know who they voted for but everyone
was going holy shit
that's the reaction we have to get
every time people going Jesus
and none more so than
Trump he fucking lost
fucking cool like like human
flesh scraping
building
sides because they're just
poured into the street
I guess we must
fuck that guy
I'm gonna fuck him
I just
I just want to share my
cause I have like I want to be thinking
about there's like one tweet
that somebody was like all the statistics
as it was like popping like popcorn
like all these journalists going holy shit
there's 150,000 there's 200,000
you know everyone's like tweeting these things
and there was this woman who
she was doing it to everybody
but like
she was responding and saying
I just wish
the aborted women could march too
and then the funniest guy's response
was that's someone you don't trust
with a genie
that's just
the
the funny
that's how we have to win
we have to be funnier than them
if we can't be funnier we have to be smarter
if we can't be smarter we have to be cooler
if we can't be any of those things we just have to be honest
we just have to say I want to do whatever the fuck I want to do
how's that sound
I have an English friend
she's like a
I won't like drop her name
she's like a you would have a guest
a
a disabled guest
by the way
I've been trying to bring him out for fucking 15 minutes
Jack
let's bring our guests out
no you know what
finish what you're saying
Michael get the fuck back
Michael Christian everybody
and Christian everybody
Christian who will be
all right all secure
do we need to
you feel good there
the lights hitting you good
Christian's gonna
better job
hearing what you're saying
so thanks for coming back
we had you on the
outside lands last time we were in the bay area
and
the podcast was like lost
to the ages there was like a
weird we lost it
it was oh yeah I forgot
about that
so you're and so
losing it we lost your promotion
for your charity friends
for benefits
you want to take it from here because
sure so we when we
went to outside lands we were also promoting
for an event that we did centered around
a cartoon show
and on Nickelodeon called avatar
the last airbender and Cora
we had Janet Barney
we had Dante Bosco
who was there we also had
some of the names oh goodness
I can't forget Mindy Sterling who is
the sweetest lady I've ever met
oh my goodness and she loves dogs
and John Michael Higgins
he is also just a blast to be
with and even though we weren't able to
be on the podcast didn't go out
the event was extremely successful
we had over 300 people there
and so yeah it was
it was great I mean the venue
was great and just everything
was amazing and actually
before I get started with anything Michael
wanted me to let you know that he heard you say
F that guy and he was wondering
when and where
room 402
at the memorial marines hotel
but in all seriousness we really just
we're very thankful for you letting us be
on here for the third time
and we actually brought some
shirts for you guys
there's my alcoholism that bad
just go with it just go with it
what was the second time?
no I think it's two times
fuck you Christian
you made them wait so long
it felt like three times
just got new shirts for our nonprofit
we just got shirts for the nonprofit
all right great
fantastic
thanks man
William Conway is a 2020 bid
for president of the United States
but yeah we really just
wanted to show that as a token
of our appreciation for everything that you've done for us
really thank you
you can buy the shirts on
friendsforbenefits.org
the shirts are on the website
it's on the shirts
oh wow
these chords are
they will be available
next week online
on our website friendsforbenefits.org
and I noticed that you have a kettle one
vodka here one classy
we actually have a barrel girl
she um so as you see on the
shirt we have a barrel girl
we're working on getting a barrel guy maybe someday in the future
but it's
I'm not a historian but the barrel represents
sometime in the early 20th century
where people were just so poor
that the only thing that they could
afford was a barrel
and we just kind of made fun with it
and we use that as kind of like
our mascot for our friends for benefits
team and we actually
brought our barrel girl here today
and she's here to present a gift
for you all right
thank you
thank you barrel girl
hello thank you
thank you
this is daniella
she's our barrel girl that you see at every event
she
needs a better barrel yes
she is just fantastic
grab a mic
barrel girl
is it better to be objectified
by a charitable
foundation
than by private
private sector
considering I've been objectified
in ways that were not so charitable
I think this is a step up
and also I'm a graduate student
so I kind of do anything
nothing new
you've been wearing a veritable barrel
for at least a week
she has a degree in Koopery
all right
fantastic so
she might have written staves
is that the business out of the way
I want to make sure
friends for benefits
bring the car around
we organize
sick of this bullshit
we organize events for
other non-profits
and we also raise money
mostly all of our events
are here in San Francisco
in the city
we're going to need
this is where it gets rough
we're in the midst of a federal
funding blackout
does it
this is more than you need on your shoulders
Michael you don't need to answer this
so
if we take up the slack
because let me start from one position
you personally if you don't mind
answering
if I'm prying too much you can say
how much of your
care is
federal
something like half
and the other half is
through your barrel girls service
through the state of California
so
are there early
are you part of communities that are
he said
oh you're gonna
he is
oh he said Trump is going to
excuse my language fuck
him over
we could guess that easily
I don't even know
I might as well just say he's going to kill
Big Bird I'm going to be right
hold on a second let's wait
and give him a chance
Trump might come out and go
I want to build a wall
and put Mexicans in boxcars
and invade Chicago
but I got a soft spot
for Michael Christian
he's not going to do that
he's going to fuck everybody
he's already made fun
of disabled people
he already has
okay so
not to get too distracted
but you realize that there's like
they have a whole thing where they're like
he wasn't actually making fun of that disabled
reporter
I watched the video
and their justification for it
is that sometimes he goes like this
and I'm not naked in a barrel in front
of an audience
at a certain point
you're allowed to say
I'm sorry I'm a human being
I'm the thing that measures
when you're making fun of somebody
I saw it
we all saw it
I don't know what I'm trying to do to get a medal
I just was curious
it would just have been weird if you had said
well actually
that reporter is kind of a fuckwad
and he always goes like this when he talks
but
that blows my mind
the thing that blows my mind about it of course
is that underneath
that backpedal
is their acknowledgement
that it would be bad if he did that
like
so doesn't that mean that
this should all just stop
if they know that that's bad
it's a rhetorical
question but it's a
he leaned in so I didn't know
well I have an answer for that
I mean every day we are going out to
events
and we come around the city and
no matter what there's always going to be people staring
there's always going to be people who don't
understand but when you have
a big mask on
it looks awesome
but when you have somebody who's put in such a leadership role
who represents the United States
and is saying stuff like that
it's just
it gives you license to stare or not stare
to me it seems like the tyranny is actually
of the not staring
that's what I cop to
is when I
sense that there's a differently abled person in the room
because I have no idea
am I allowed to shake their hand
you can't
you can also say
you can also say disabled
but when it comes to shaking hands
can I say differently abled
it's just eight years of PC fucking Naziism
sorry
let's get real
but it's the
well whatever I'm babbling it doesn't matter
but it's just like
I think the idea is that
it's 9-11
I love you San Francisco
when they comb for this
podcast they're gonna
they're not gonna have difficulty
what Trump said there was a bunch of
Syrian refugees
cheering 9-11 when it happens
it's like no that's every Sunday
when they got like
when he makes that case
when Bannon said
the media is the opposition party
it's like well
I think
we're going to prison
we're actually going to be shipped away
and terrible things are going to happen
I'd rather die
I don't want to go to prison
I want to die
I want to be like Steve McQueen and Papillon
and fucking be super badass
I want to be in a time life photo
you know like fucking like
wheeling Michael Christian down the street
with fucking tear gas canisters behind us
and then just back of my head
is getting blown off
but I managed to wheel Michael to the fucking
like a van
and then Michael's got fucking C4 all over him
he just rings the bell
and fucking
breaks bad
you
I don't want to suck you into this
you may have voted Republican
you don't need to
you don't need to be out in the streets with me
before we go any further
I want to go ahead and excuse the barely girl
so that she can get changed
I love that we have a woman on stage
she has to wear a barrel
she has to wear an old timey barrel around her
I think that's the first time people have cheered for me
about to put clothes on
what was barrel girl's name
Daniella
she's a human being barrel girl
I thought maybe the barrel
I was like well she could just pee
right anytime she wants
like she's got a million peas before it becomes a problem
but
but then I noticed there's pants underneath
she's not a real barrel
that logic doesn't hold up
how could her legs work
in a closed system
coming at the bottom of a barrel
like gaskets
it's kind of funny that tradition of dressing women
is things like a pack of cigarettes
or a corn cob or something
but it's just like I always thought
because of my particular fetishes
I was like well you know they're wearing tights
like that's all it is
like of course
corn looks good now
if you want to prove
corn is sexual
when did you see a corn cob inside
you actually saw
a woman dressed as corn inside
I've seen a woman dressed as everything
I'm 44
I've seen
did you guys know
if we talked about this
I'm not judging
if you're into this at all
you sadly sent me a link
to this
I feel like we talked about this
speaking of sending links
Steve's just been sending us random news links
during the show
just like Samurai's killed themselves
with sepaku
here's how they did it
it's not an attack on Steve
it's great
why are your phones on during the show
full in on time
I wish I could
refer you to a link
there's
fart fetish
attractive women
farting
and there's a video
I was looking for tights
and then that went to yoga pants
and then there was a video in the sidebar
on my hub
that said
hot yoga girl farts
and I was like farts is that a typo
and then I clicked on it and she was doing yoga
and she was farting and I was like wait a minute
and then the related video
I was like holy shit
there goes my Saturday
and one of them
was amazing
I
this girl
you fall in love with her
she's farting all over you
she's into farting
but then she's also
kink shamed
I'm not kink shaming
you're kink shaming me
I'm kink shaming you
you're a
you're a yell out
outerist
didn't I just give you a t-shirt
I just gave her a t-shirt
you have yell outophilia
okay
well
are you from Brisbane
be right with you Michael
this
this young lady
one of her videos was
she's dressed as Harley Quinn
and I mean she's really dressed as Harley Quinn
like she's committed to the costume
which one the movie or the original
not Suicide Squad
like the way you would
play Harley Quinn costume
with leather
kind of like skin tight leather
but she's doing the voice
and she's not
she didn't look up Harley Quinn on Wikipedia
she's so fucking into the mythology
she's like hey Mr. B
oh boy
I could fill a stadium
with what I got inside of me
it's amazing
like she's talking to you
and your Batman
and she has you tied up
and she's explaining how she's going to fart
she's like I had some sauerkraut
Mr. J
couldn't handle it either
and then she just
it's farting
you will want to marry this woman
I
because of just
her soul like it doesn't matter
what you're into
you're a professional fart lady
literally half of the people in this room
are in a relationship with somebody
whose particulars aren't necessarily
their jam but make them so
happy because they meet them halfway
and it's fun
now you like it
because you're here with someone
that's meeting you way more than halfway
now you're
she's like yeah
I love shitting on Natalie in a hot tub
that was the lamest riff of what a pink could be
shitting on Natalie in a hot tub
that's the name of the episode
alright hi Michael how are you
fantastic
he's good
I love the eyebrows
your eyebrows whenever
I speak to you
is it at this point
are you indicating
what are you doing
when you're shooting your eyebrows up and down
he can't really tilt his head
welcome back
he can't tilt his head
and so I've been working for Michael
for two years now and I've figured out
that if it's like
I can't even move my eyebrows like he can
but when he does it multiple times
it's a I'm good or it's a yes
it's like a thumbs up
it speaks like Morse code through his eyebrows
because your condition has divested you
of the 85 ways that we all have
of letting somebody know that you're
responding like matching an emotional bit
of any kind
going like yeah I'm listening
like we go uh huh
we fuck with our phone
because we can like
and you're like
you have to like
but it's also
you're lucky because
that's adorable
going like that is
also a way of saying like I'm into you
that's what it means
and I think what everybody wants to hear
I always feel like when he does it to me
he's coming on to me
the first time I met him and then he told me
I'm going to have my eyebrows
and then started wiggling
wiggling his eyebrows
I was um
when he's explaining the measurements
of the barrel costume and in between
every way he's like
it's like identical to Bob Gucci
you look like a 24-24-24
all right
so I don't know
like uh Michael
what would you think about hanging out
and like playing a little ad hoc
with a big D&D adventure
with us
we're bringing it back
bringing the shit back
what if he was like
what if he went like
and then Christian went like
and he's like fuck off
and then you just like wheeled out
peace
all right well cool so Christian
you'll stay out and help like Michael
play D&D with us
we don't have character sheets
the first order of business
is we got to pick characters
we got to figure out who we want to be
Spencer are you down with this?
no
I can leave
it's fine you guys can handle it
we're not starting a new campaign
necessarily we're just doing kind of
one-off
it'll be great
Spencer do you want to assign us
characters?
come up with them
someone pitch me something
it'll be great
I always like being like
well Michael I'll give you your first choice
like in the kind of archetypes
you want to be like a healer
a fighter or whatever
necromancer
race do you know your race?
okay
human
necro
human necromancer
what's your name Michael?
uh
he has no idea
you can think about it
we'll get there
ruminate on your character's name for a moment
Dan?
Michael do you get drunk? do you want to drink?
yeah
do you need a straw to get
shit-faced?
actually
everything it takes is through a g-tube
I would need to put my hands down
in order to do that
wait you have to put your hands down?
I mean I'd have to put the microphone down
I'm sorry
oh the g-tube
you have to
you help him drink
okay
well you take my mic stand
I'll hold the mic you do the g-tube
that'll be great
but if you're going to give me one second
I gotta go grab his bag
we have to make up our characters
Danielle would you like a cocktail?
are you seriously asking?
in the meantime would you like a vodka?
yes
wouldn't you after being in a barrel?
okay now that Christian's gone
like fucking like let's
what
how much of the day do you spend with him?
uh six hours a day
uh is he
that's not that long six hours
so what time does he show up?
typically around five
five a.m.
p.m.
oh shit
alright fine
you have a microphone on
I'm not that far behind
he can hear like
my new voices for a living
I know
he hears everything
so we got a human necromancer
this is mine god damn it
what's easiest
do you want me to fill this mixing cup
with ice and vodka?
do you want it cold?
just room temperature is that cool?
is anybody out there a big D&D
like Pathfinder fan?
our barrel girls
what was your name again barrel girl
I'm so sorry
Daniella is a big D&D fan
okay
well Daniella you all have played with us
okay so necromancer is
what Michael is going to be
Jeff I'm assuming you want to be
kind of a you go next
I was going to have people write down ideas for me
Jesus
a kinder or a wender
I don't know what a wender is
I'm going to be an elf secretary
of education
I'm also a monk
I'm an elf monk secretary
of education
unless I get something better
from these people over here
wait so right now you're plugging
vodka in one of Michael's tubes
what's going on here
we didn't know about this
it doesn't go in his mouth it goes into your matrix
umbilical point
the best part is he doesn't
taste it that's also the worst part
that's crazy
I'm pretty amazing
can I throw some Molly in there
wait so do you
just get this guy fucked up
I want to get a picture of this process
is that okay is that invading your privacy
are you okay with me taking a picture of it
I'll show it you have
you have kill rights on Instagram
I just it's like we don't
we don't get to spend this kind of time together
I don't think privacy is much of a concern
well yeah but this is maybe
I just don't want to be an asshole on an accident
okay
but isn't that so is that like
what do they call it
butt chugging
like where it's like
you've done this before right
you know your limit
it's going into your gut
right into your stomach
okay but that's
basically the same as drinking it
it's not the same as putting it like a tampon
soaked with vodka in your butt
it takes less time to digest
it hits you faster
he's so fucked up right now
I've never seen you like this Michael
why can't you drink it Michael
because you're using your mouth
to speak and
the disease that he has makes it so that the muscles
and his throat
don't work anymore so like like
swallowing doesn't work he can't swallow it all
anymore do you eat through the g-tube too
correct you don't you don't get to eat
solid food anymore at all
and you were this is congenital right
you haven't eaten solid food
ten years
well it's it's it's been shitty
lately
yes they just
they're they approved it
they approved this new
what it's called spin raza
and so
yeah it's 125,000
dollars and I mean
sorry
yes for each shot
and you need six shots
it's basically like donating bone
bone marrow is what the shot is like too
what the way I missed the top of that though
what is that
that might actually restore you
to eating solid food
okay
but you have to be a senator in order to
and then you'd be a hypocrite
because you'd be also simultaneously
approving of if it's used
but you'd be like smuggling it in the
back door
like an X-men the guy
the jellyfish man
all right so
all right well I'll be a healer
because I feel like nobody ever
wants to be a healer so
like
and I feel like tonight I have been a healer
I've also been intuitive and I know
forced applause when I hear it
you could tell I wanted that
it was worse than getting it
organically or not getting it
what kind of healer was your race
just be like a cleric
well you're a human necromancer
so I'll be like
don't listen to them
just calm down
that's not a race
paladin isn't a race no matter what
the alt-right tells you
I'll be like
what's a good
I'll be a
can I be a full-on orc cleric
no that's not possible
I don't know about that man
oh boy
yeah no for sure
you could be a gelatinous ooze cleric
if you want
sounds like that was pretty popular
I'll be a gelatinous ooze cleric
all right great
I guess you're not the only one
that eats through a g-tube
come out here and try to high road everybody
what's your character
I'm sorry
gelatinous cube cleric
gelatinous cube
wow
ooze
I said ooze I meant cube
it's a cube of ooze
it's a large size ooze
I believe no it's probably huge right
so you're a cube of
gelatin but you're a cleric
how big do you think
what are the dimensions
you're about 10 by 10 by 10 maybe 15
yeah
holy shit
I'm a giant cube
10 by 10 by 10 by 15
that's not a cube
10 by 10 by 10 or 15
do I speak
verbally
you speak somatically
using pseudopods
so I just make myself clear
like a hana-barbera character
like charade rules
like that sand buggy
sign language
alright
who else we got
is jeff daniella anyone
daniella what do you want to be
off the top of my head
maybe half tiefling dark rekener warlock
what was the
the dark rekener was it
is that out like a
it's a specialization
fair enough
half what
it's a specialization
half whatling
tiefling it means I'm really horny
tiefling
half tiefling what
dark rekener warlock
half tiefling
tiefling
dark rekening warlock
alright
san francisco
win in Rome
I did
yeah I did
I
can't stay mad at you
you're so
you're disruptive but you're vulnerable
like
you're not trying to cause no trouble
you're not worried about natalie
who keeps getting shit on back in the hot tub
well I do worry about natalie
but I think natalie signed up for
what's your name
disruptive vulnerable lady
yeah
allison
and what's
your name's not natalie what's the other girl's name
christina
I'm so sorry
we're sorry balsam
alright here we go
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna combine pieces
of what I've got here I want to be
a
elf
druid
also I want my thing to be like I want to
like fire
like an arsonist druid
which seems like a bad thing
if you like trees
right
but I hate when people
use trees to make buildings
so I feel like that was the misuse of a tree
they murdered my trees
I like to burn shit down as a
we're definitely lacking
in kind of like hack and slash types
do you want I could change my gelatinous cube
to be more of a fucker
true
the improv I came up with is really heavy
on hack and slash
yeah I don't know
why I'm like refereeing game balance
just made up
alright Harmon what's your character's name
what's your
Gerald
wait do we get christina character
christina's gonna be translating
I'm whatever character michael she should be
and daniella do you have a character name
for your half tiefling
sexy necromancer whatever you are
he's a necromancer
kettle one
and what did I say I was
a druid
an elf druid
my name's gonna be Chad
the fire liker
Chad the fire liker
and if I don't see fucking web art
tomorrow for Chad the fire liker
I'll be very disappointed
and I think Michael may be telling christian
his necromancer's name
his name is going to be rogue
it's his old puppy
rug or rogue
rogue
like rogue one
alright Spencer
let me find you some music
did you see rogue one
is it good you like it
I'm so excited looking at the
advertisements like stormtroopers walking
in beach water
this is like fucking yes
alright Spencer do we have it all set up
what
do you have dice
did anybody here have dice
what was I supposed to do
be a game master for fuck's sake
yeah no it's fine it's all made up
is anybody here
we have frequently asked
people for dice and they have them
anybody here have
plays
zayn
trumpy zayn
these aren't dice these are sugar cubes
they're not sugar cubes
they're alternative dice
I got dexterity baby
alright
so we have dice from zayn
and some mystery gal over there
thank you so much for the dice everybody
episode one
harry potter
and the syrup of begonias
our heroes find themselves
in the lobby of hogwarts castle
searching for the syrup of begonias
you see the sorting hat
in the great hall
that's all
you're in the empty great hall
of hogwarts with the sorting hat
I walk up and I put the hat on my head
alright
that's the clock
is that the hat talking?
yeah that's the hat
I see you're off the clock
but you're on my head
sure yeah
I can't really do anything
I'm just a hat
why do they call you a sorting hat?
I don't know what sort
do I have eyes?
you can see
you could sense
you might have blind sense
I sense for exits
oh there's so many
there's like at least six
but I can't talk so I mine
there's six exits
to my compatriots
he jiggles vigorously
it's true
do I
can I do like a sense magic on the sorting hat?
oh yeah it's so magic
it's an ancient artifact
a great power
I step aside with the hat on my head
like sorting hat
what's your name?
sorting hat
what do you like to get up to?
what's your thing?
do you like to
do you want to sort some shit out right now?
no I'm off the clock
when do you get back on duty?
oh this semester doesn't start for weeks
do I know the other
yeah you guys are all questing for the syrup of begonias
have you known each other a long time?
oh for as long as
is handy
sorting hat
do you know where the syrup of begonias might be found?
oh the syrup of begonias
that's somewhere else entirely
they're gonna need to go outside
and hang a left
alright can I continue to wear you?
do you want to hang out here?
I mean I really I don't care man
you don't care?
you gotta get like
I think you have a lot of assumptions
about what a hat should or shouldn't be
I didn't have any until one talked
and had a name
I absorbed the hat
like into my
gelatin
alright yeah
it slowly begins to dissolve
is it screaming?
you can't tell
the interface with your lack of brain
I push
it out just
enough for its mouth to emerge
is it not screaming?
no it's not
I suck it back in
I
gesture to the rest of the group
to follow me outside and go to the left
really quick Michael needs another drink
so I will be here
Dan you're close
you got all the fixings right here
right?
oh I thought you were leaving
I was like well wait
fuck this I need more alcohol
for the listeners
he has a pyrex
or corning whatever
measuring cup pouring it into a giant syringe
and it's not plunging it into some part
of Michael's body
if that isn't magic I don't know what's magic
the question is busy
because he's filling your g-tube
your matrix belly
is there anything
we're all in this Harry Potter
commissary
it's pissing me off
couldn't make it out
he said the hat was pissing him off
can we light it on fire?
I'll squirt it out
light it on fire
I summon the god
pyros
you had 10 chances
to be a cool hat
motherfucker
and I cast
a spell of flame
on sorting hats
this is what all hats want
I feel like Spencer's kind of giving us a free ride on this one.
I turned, what's Michael's character's name?
Rogue.
I turned to Rogue and I go, well, I killed that hat for you.
You ready to go kick some butt?
Chewing.
I'm sensing, I'm sensing a real fucking lack of motivation in our crew.
No, I'm bouncing out the door.
You're a fucking, you're a blob with no brains.
Whoa.
You, you sucked in a hat and you spit it back out.
It's differently abled.
Yeah.
Like, I'm just saying, like, I, like, I don't know where we're, like, what's, what's the
motivation here for all of us?
Like, what do we, what do we want as a group?
To go find the syrup, but go.
Yeah, but you guys are standing around.
You standing around like a bunch of dinghaw.
I'm moving out.
I'm leaving.
I'm going out the door.
Okay.
Let's all go out and go to the left.
Like the hat said before.
I, I emulated it.
Yeah.
You all do that.
You head outside of Hogsmeade.
It's a little village.
It's a, it's great.
There's little houses and little huts and stuff.
Oh man.
It's great.
Specifically, there's a big shack.
It's all messed up.
It seems to be all boarded up.
Oh fuck.
A village with a hut.
Also other structures.
I, I bounce around my surroundings.
I think, I think the smart move, send the gelatinous cube into the hut first.
I'm going to eat the boards.
Is it just one?
Yeah, I'll squeeze through the boards to take a look with my non eyes.
You do that.
It's all dirty and gross.
There's soot.
Oh man.
It sucks.
You see a hole near the ground on a wall.
It seems to be a space between boards.
And in that space, it looks like some sort of tunnel.
I pull my, my gel out of the thing and I look at these guys and I, and I, and I go.
I mime that there's a hole.
Everything he said.
Yeah.
Because I can't, I can't talk.
I, I got you.
I knew.
Okay.
And I, and then, and then I just charge through the boards and I head for the hole because
I'm fearless because I'm goo.
Yeah.
What, what, what are the stakes like a human's worst case scenario is my beginning.
Like what more is there to be scared of?
Can I ask why we're looking for the syrup of the gunions?
Well, what purpose would be cool?
Who are you asking?
Anybody.
Okay.
Let's ask Spencer.
Let's ask you.
Can we, can we table talk that one?
Oh yeah.
You think back to when your friend Pete asked you to get him the syrup of begonias.
He says, Pete's like, Pete's like, this is going to be so good.
These pancakes are going to be great.
Just you wait.
I go, my God, I can't believe I invited you over for pancakes without the syrup of begonias.
I turn to the group and go, oh, Jesus Christ, the big pancake thing happens at Pete's in
like five hours.
We got to get this syrup.
The stakes have never been higher.
I'm doing what you like.
You're just having a fit.
I go down the hole.
Yeah.
All right.
It's a long tunnel.
Oh, man, you're squeezing and oozing.
You go for what seems like a long time and then you find yourself in an open space.
It's open earth in this tunnel at least.
Looking around, you see the walls seem to be made of natural wood or living wood.
It seems like you're inside of a giant tree.
Hey, you guys, I found another room.
They can't hear you because you can't talk.
I know.
It was, it was just a Goonies reference.
Right.
It's best left unheard.
It was a little racist.
As data was not a woke character, he was a Japanese gadget fan.
Is the whole big enough for me, Kettle One and Rogue, to fit through as well?
Oh, yeah.
I can fit in any hole.
That's what she just said.
I didn't hear it, not because I'm committing to my character, because I'm a bad listener.
I can't.
Did I can fit in any hole?
You went to golf nine holes?
What?
I didn't think the Kettle One was getting me that quick.
I said, I can fit in any hole.
Oh, you can fit in any hole.
Okay.
All right.
That's what she said.
Let's, let's, let's all charge through that hole and join, what's your name, Gerard?
Gerard?
Gerard.
Okay.
You do that.
You also find yourself within this great tree.
Oh, well, hey guys, I'm a druid, right?
Yeah.
All right.
And I, I, I want to convene with the wood, do I have like a, like a, like a spell I can
use to kind of.
You're going to touch the wood?
That's what she said again.
Yeah.
I, I walk up to the tree, it was one of the walls and I, and I started just touching
that wood.
You, you feel the pain of an ancient, the, the, the, the anger and the rage, the violence,
the violence, so much violence, both from and against the tree.
Oh man, this tree is fucked up.
This whole, this whole thing is fucked up.
Guys, we got a violent tree here.
I, I can't even ask you anything.
Wiggle harder.
I thought you could communicate there's some sort of weird, like, yeah, you definitely
can.
Like Kirby the love bug.
Like Horna.
I can mime stuff.
I'll just mime like, is, is the tree know anything about the syrup?
I asked the tree, do you know about the syrup of the begonias and the tree doesn't communicate
as such, but you search the tree's memory banks and you see a cruel infestation, a corruption
seeping through the surface, purging the wood of goodness and filling it with evil.
That seems like necromancer territory, but I can't say that.
Okay, is it dead, the tree, the stuff oozing out of it, oh, it's, it's, it's wrapped with
death energies.
You cast a spell to control it.
Oh yeah.
It seems to be an undead sort of sludge made from the souls and bodies of decomposed things
smashed to death by the tree.
Good controlling.
All right.
It fails its will save and is dominated by you.
I wonder if we can turn the sludge into delicious syrup for us.
That's what he was about to ask, what the hell is the syrup?
Say again?
Where's the syrup?
This is the syrup.
The syrup is dead, people.
Yeah.
Who said that?
Who said this is the syrup?
This, this is his intuition.
I, I, I pick up on it and I mime, this is the syrup.
We're saying we should feed it to him first.
When we get it back, if he eats it or consumes it?
There's so much.
Yeah, to make, to make sure, to make sure it's not poisoned, and if it is, then we only
lose you.
I go way back with Rogue and we, he saved my life in NAM and so I owe him, so I'll, I'll
slurp it to see if it's poisonous or magical cursed or something.
It's, it's pretty strong.
It seems like you could use some pancakes to cut the flavor or something.
I mime, I mime Steve Carell's head on a stack of pancakes from the poster of Dan in Real
Life.
I take out my bucket of plenty.
It's a magic bucket that holds more than it looks like it should hold.
From where do you procure this object?
It's one of my druidic magical implements that I carry.
No, it really leaves the house without a bucket of plenty.
I got it from an old shaman named Barrel Lady and I take my bucket, I take my, I take
my bucket of plenty and I swoop it into the, to the mystical goo and gather as much as I
can.
All right.
Did you do that?
That's great.
You got a bucket.
Oh man.
But as you grab the bucket, you feel the impact of wood against wood.
It's attacking the walls around you.
Fight!
I don't know what he said because he just kind of jiggled.
I don't know.
Are we being attacked by wood?
Other wood?
You aren't.
You're just feeling this, this, this woody room you're in, this tree-like room you're
in.
It's all getting, getting wailed on.
Let's take my bucket of plenty full of syrup of begonias and get the fuck out through the
hole that we came in through.
I fill my five flasks and I too fall asleep.
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
Yeah, we got so much stuff.
You do that.
You land back in the shack.
It's great.
Oh man, it's not fucked in any way.
I call an Uber and say, let's go to Pete's house and eat these motherfucking pancakes.
Shall I go for it?
It's going to be the best.
Oh man, you don't get signal on here.
No.
It's bad.
Some serious shit.
Kettle one, don't you have dark powers that you could maybe like get us a ride home or
something like that?
Yes.
You get a dark powered ride home.
All right.
Well, should we end the D&D session there?
To make sure they get their festival money's worth, I could do a horrible rap.
Yeah.
Let me do it.
But only if Michael is my, like, I want you to be like my Rihanna, like, like...
Beatbox for us.
Like, I'll rap and then you'll do like, like, you'll do like the hook or something.
No.
Yeah, that's not going to happen.
It would be a pretty low stakes gig, I feel.
People will be on your side.
But look, I won't tell you your business.
Well, he could say what he would sing and then Christian has to sing it, like he has
to interpret it.
I mean...
Look, I don't want to...
Michael, you could force Christian to do your bidding or Daniela.
I mean, I got to get it in the zone.
I don't know about you guys.
But we're close to being hard out here.
Yeah, yeah, no.
We got to hurry up.
Yeah.
All right.
So by the time we see each other again, we may be just a part of the New Republic of
California or...
All wearing camouflage and with like soap dispenser helmets and like weird, like, microchip
belts and...
We're going to have the best TV and movies and lots of cheese and almonds and roughly
40% of the gross national product as far as I know.
I mean, shouldn't we organize something where we just say, am I going to get shot for saying
this?
Is there going to be a laser on my chest as I say this?
But don't we pay these motherfuckers every quarter a bunch of money?
Can't we just sit on it and go, we know likey what you talked about?
Like, isn't that how the United States works?
Is it like money flows from...
I think it's also how a civil war starts, but I think it is.
Yeah, like, yeah.
Okay.
All right.
I don't...
Don't want to be your civil war.
What's so civil about war?
All right.
Wait, am I correct remembering that Axl Rose, Guns N' Roses rhymed, I don't want to be your
civil war, I don't want to be your human grocery star.
That's a fucking terrible lyric.
Well, let's improve on it.
Grocery star?
Wow.
All right.
Come on, give me a beat.
We're going to do it.
I'm going to put a beat on a rap.
Before you get beat on.
Where is it?
There we go.
Yeah.
California.
C-A-F-L-O-R-N-I-A.
Got the biggest date on the leftmost coast.
We have the TV and we make it the most.
We also got the Inland Empire.
We got the meth.
Yeah.
California is the place to be if you try to go further.
You'll be in the sea.
California.
Oh, God.
Oh.
Here's one of me say, uh, Cat-a-one.
Yeah.
Left coast, right coast, north-south.
Fuck your mama so hard.
She needed a second mouth.
She said, Dan Harmon, come to me.
I said, I want to get in the tub and pee on a Russian hooker with Vitamir.
I'm going to fuck your mama so hard the rush is near to us.
Then it's ever been fucking with the election.
I fucked your mama in the bargain bed.
It's a terrible rap because it has an agenda.
When you bring politics into rapping, it just takes a bad rapping turn.
The rap should come from the heart.
That's why rap doesn't typically, you don't see a lot of rappers in inaugurations.
Rap comes from the streets.
It comes from your feelings.
Because it doesn't, you're not supposed to just be like, you should vote for Jerry Brown.
All right.
I fucked your mama.
I fucked her good.
I fucked her like she was made of wood.
What that means is that I respected her as if she was a Douglas fir.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
Thank you so much.
Janiella Christian.
Thank you, San Francisco.
Thank you, Christian.
Michael.
Zane.
Let's send suicide.com, Allison and Christina out there.
Thank you so much, everybody.
Friendsforbenefits.org.
Come get your dice back.
I'll give you your dice.
Oh, yeah.
Don't take the shirt off.
Also, let's hear it for the music I played tonight by Titanic Sinclair, one of our favorites.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.